doc: modified documentation (#790)
ionos-cloud/terraform-provider-ionoscloud: docs/resources/nfs_cluster.md

# ionoscloud_nfs_cluster

> Create clusters of [Network File Storage (NFS)](https://docs.ionos.com/cloud/containers/managed-kubernetes/how-tos/mount-an-nfs-volume) on IonosCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create clusters of [Network File Storage (NFS)](https://docs.ionos.com/cloud/storage-and-backup/network-file-storage) on IonosCloud.
```
